

we can't feasibly link events together... the spiderweb that would create would be huge.. 
and i think there's an easier way.

I think we can express the same sorts of relationships (good events leading to good events, bad leading to more bad events)
by rating each event with some sort of a karma range...  that is, the range of karma the user must have 
for this event to be possible.

for example, the Event "Visited by celestial beings to honor you for your good deeds" would have huge positve karma requirements.... if the player's karma
was below this level, they could not possibly hit this event.

in addition, if we add categories to events (including, drug-use, good-deeds, education....)
and add facets to karma (basically have a seperate karma score for each category... the users total karma
would be the cumulative total over all categories) then we can now *weigh* the afore-mentioned 'karma-threshold' by category.

So in the case of the 'celestial beings' event, Good-Deeds karma would have huge positive ramificaitons... while 
karma in the 'violence to mankind' category would have huge negative ramifications... and karma in the 'education category' doesn't really matter.

One possible way to categorize the negative-karma events is with the seven deadly sins.... but i've never liked
that 'lust' is on that list.... though i suppose many people have wrecked their lives because of this 'sin' :)

What do you think of incorporating the 7 sins into the game?  If not in negative event categories, then 
how about character traits?  We could make the character assign a certain number of points to these sins... higher points in each category
would weight event-selection in some way.

if we do a little bit of research we could probably find '7 virtues' online to categorize the positive-karma events.

overall, categorizing in this way can make events much simpler to model in the code... we just maintain a list of events with these properties....
but no longer have to maintain any interrelationship between events.  Having a High Karma score in good-deeds will lead to more more and more good-deeds category events.
and, if you have no/low good-deeds category karma, then you can *still* access the good-deeds events by having higher levels of karma in other categories (although that karma
won't be valued as highly for this purpose)






