Lifechoices

a decision making game.  
mostly simulation but presenting the user with opportunities to affect their characters lives/ 
make decisions on behalf of their character.
touch-screen friendly.  user will mainly click on yes/no/answer buttons to make decisions on situations presented on pop-up dialogs.
otherwise, character will live his life on display for the user.  
cartoonish representation of character will perform/attend major life-events, with accompanying text describing the event.
These life-events should be closely tied/determined by characters starting 'kit' and previous decisions.
ie, a drug using characters will start to see scenarios/events that arise out of drug use
This is not intended to be serious or accurately portray... anything.  It's supposed to be funny and stupid.

Starting Kit (want to capture the 'hand that God dealt' here.  
stuff that you have no choice over (family you're born into) yet is commonly regarded as having a major impact on your life:
1) family choices
    a.  wealthy - (money is no object... except when other people want it)
		1.  movie stars - (grandfathered into movie industry)
		2.  politician - Taken
		3.  scientist - maybe too boring
	b.  poor -
	    1.  active drug-users (access to drugs at an early age gives real business opportunities in your elementary school)
		2.  former movie stars (child of carrot-top gets made fun of in schoo... bullying/fights/decisions)

character goals:
these will determine which events take place and how often.  goals will be provided as a slider so the user can adjust them to their liking.
at various points in the characters life (adolescents/early adulthood/major life-events), user will have opportunity to add new points.
popularity:
financial success:
education:
fun:
education:
humanitariasm:
self-expression (art):		
		
Granularity:

"Life is a serious of unfortunate events"
art should display your character 'going about his life'.. basically going from one unfortunate event to another.  
smoothly blending events would be great.
somehow have the character transition between events...   

cartoonish art.







IMPLEMENTATION OF EVENTS/DECISIONS

2 types of events:
    minor events: events that the user has no interaction with.  they just happen.
       they may still have an effect on characters life/traits. 
       these are randomly selected from a pool of options (which is generated given a character's background/personality)
      
       the process by which the 'event pool' is generated must take into account the person's background/personality/past decisions
       meaning, that these events must be associated with certain traits.
       
       How about this:
       
       All events have a list of 'associations'.  Basically lists of all of the circumstantial stuff that could trigger the event
       ie., 
      
       'Tried Cocaine for the first time' could be triggered by a variety of factors:
            a. past use of lesser drugs (past decisions). 
            b. having social connections. (need to think more on how to track this.... it's clearly a key factor in someone's life but)
            c. the desire to have fun in life (life goal)
            
       so if any of these factors are relevant, this event will become part of the 'event pool'.  
       its likelihood of selection will be determined by how many of these factors are met.
       
       Events form part of a network.  They can be linked... or rather, they can open up future events.
       ie., "first time weed usage" might open up "first time Cocaine use" and "dope-dealer" to be selected in the event pool later.
       This could lead to usage/sale of harder drugs, which could open up Gang membership/theft/burglary/ --> Police Charges/ etc.
       
       

    Major events:  events that the user HAS an interaction with.  We give the user a chance to decide yes or no.
       These should be life-changing events that have major ramifications on life and open up all sorts of future events.
       
           
           
           
 Need a way of demonstrating difficulty in altering life-course.  Mostly arbitrary... but how about this.
    Events have a type (drug use is bad, murder/assault/etc is bad).  The first instance of a type of event 
    can be the hardest/ most dramatic/lifechanging, etc.... but future instances are easier.  
    
    So a player starts of mostly neutral... very difficult decisions award a negative point value... easy decisions award positive point values.
    
    these point values can be used to determine size of the yes/no buttons... or maybe the alpha on them... so they blend into the background if
    it's a particularly hard decision.  
    
    This way, we can also convey the difficulty in giving up hard/addtive drugs... (going through rehab successfully would require finding that 
    super-alpha-blended 'yes' button (several times in a row.... representing relapse potential))
    
    Killing that first person would be a super hard decision.... but subsequent murders become easier and easier.
    
    
 
    